# OSS Workgroup - Meeting Notes 5/26/17

### General Discussion
- Funding for COTS SW for scanning
- Anything forward-facing priority but with all open-source
- use cases - "I am a project manager with code and want to release it"
- use cases - "I am a developer and want to use open source code developed by GSA and by the public"

- Nurture the project/code over time
  - Include guidance on following up with people who submit issues
  - Does GSA provide this information or does the team provide guidance?

- You want to open source your code
  - is your README descriptive
  - do you have a contribution file
  - do you have a license

- Glaring concerns
  - security and vulnerabilities
    - using web inspect today
    - tools thing, we can leave for now

### Action Items:
- Setup Trello board - created GitHub project in GSAOpenSourcePolicy [repo](https://github.com/GSA/GSAOpenSourcePolicy/projects/2)
- follow-up from meeting - meeting invite for biweekly meeting
- have teams create issues or PRs with ideas for the repo
